README.adoc, before:

= SUSE Linux Enterprise Documentation

This is the source for the official SUSE Linux Enterprise documentation.

This repository hosts the documentation sources including translations (if
available) for the following products:

* SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop (SLED)
* SUSE Linux Enterprise Real Time Extension (SLE RT)
* SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES)

Released versions of the documentation are published at
https://www.suse.com/documentation/.


== Branches

.Overview of important branches
[options="header"]
|================================================
| Name            | Purpose
| `develop` | SLE 12 SP1 doc development
| `maintenance/SLE12` |  SLE 12 doc maintenance
| `trans/SLE12`   | Doc translations for SLE 12
|================================================


== Contributing

If you would like to contribute, please fork this repository and send
pull requests. Always use the `develop` branch for your edits! +
Contributors with direct access to the repository are encouraged to use the
git-flow-avh workflow (package `git-flow-avh`). However, this is not a must.

.*No commits to master*
NOTE: Please do not make any commits to the `master` branch. `master` is
reserved for releases only. Always commit to `develop`.

== Editing DocBook

To contribute to the documentation, you need to write DocBook.

* You can learn about DocBook syntax at http://docbook.org/tdg5/en/html .
* SUSE documents are generally built with DAPS (package `daps`) and the
  SUSE XSL Stylesheets (package `suse-xsl-stylesheets`). Ideally, you should
  get these from the repository `Documentation:Tools`. However, slightly
  older versions are also available from the SLE and openSUSE repositories.
* Basic daps usage:
** `$ daps -d DC-<YOUR_BOOK> validate`: Make sure what you have written is
    well-formed XML and valid DocBook 5
** `$ daps -d DC-<YOUR_BOOK> pdf`: Build a PDF document
** `$ daps -d DC-<YOUR_BOOK> html`: Build multi-page HTML document
** Learn more at https://opensuse.github.io/daps

Commit message:

Added openSUSE leap to README

README.adoc, after:

= SUSE Linux Enterprise / openSUSE Leap Documentation

This is the source for the official SUSE Linux Enterprise and openSUSE Leap
documentation.

This repository hosts the documentation sources including translations (if
available) for the following products:

* SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop (SLED)
* SUSE Linux Enterprise Real Time Extension (SLE RT)
* SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES)
* openSUSE Leap

Released versions of the SLE documentation are published at
https://www.suse.com/documentation/, the openSUSE Leap documentation can be
found at http://doc.opensuse.org/.


== Branches

.Overview of important branches
[options="header"]
|================================================
| Name            | Purpose
| `develop`        | doc development (latest development version)
| `maintenance/*`  | maintenance for released versions
| `trans/*`        | translations for released versions
| `master`         | latest released version 
|================================================


== Contributing

If you would like to contribute, please fork this repository and send
pull requests. Always use the `develop` branch for your edits! +
Contributors with direct access to the repository are encouraged to use the
git-flow-avh workflow (package `git-flow-avh`). However, this is not a must.
For help on style and structure, refer to the https://doc.opensuse.org/products/opensuse/Styleguide/opensuse_documentation_styleguide_sd/[Documentation Styleguide] 


.*No commits to master*
NOTE: Please do not make any commits to the `master` branch. `master` is
reserved for releases only. Always commit to `develop`.

== Editing DocBook

To contribute to the documentation, you need to write DocBook.

* You can learn about DocBook syntax at http://docbook.org/tdg5/en/html .
* SUSE documents are generally built with DAPS (package `daps`) and the
  SUSE XSL Stylesheets (package `suse-xsl-stylesheets`). Ideally, you should
  get these from the repository `Documentation:Tools`. However, slightly
  older versions are also available from the SLE and openSUSE repositories.
* Basic daps usage:
** `$ daps -d DC-<YOUR_BOOK> validate`: Make sure what you have written is
    well-formed XML and valid DocBook 5
** `$ daps -d DC-<YOUR_BOOK> pdf`: Build a PDF document
** `$ daps -d DC-<YOUR_BOOK> html`: Build multi-page HTML document
** Learn more at https://opensuse.github.io/daps
